Coordinate
==========

Simple jQuery plugin for facilitating mouse-hover coordination between objects on a page.

## Functions

### Coordination types

#### `hover`

Currently, Coordinate only supports `hover` events, and so any other event type specified will throw an error. You do still need to specify the `hover` event type, however, so as to insure forward compatibility.

### Examples

### Simple hover coordination

There are three ways to set up a simple hover coordination. The first way is to use the jQuery plugin API. This works as follows:

HTML:

    <a id='link-1'>Link 1</a><br>
    Some text in between...<br>
    <a id='link-2'>Link 2</a>

Javascript:

    var $links = $.merge($('#link-1'), $('#link-2'));
    $links.coordinate('hover');

That's it for the first way! Now everytime you hover either link, it will receive a `coordinated-hover` class, that will disappear once you move you mouse away from the link.

You can use this for custom css, as in the following example:

    a.coordinate-hover {
      background-color: #ddd;
    }

Now every time you mouse over either link, they'll both receive a light grey background.


### Setting the class manually

In the above example, what actually happened is Coordinate dynamically generated a classname for both elements to have, that would look something like this: `coordinate-hover-auto1234`. We can also set this class manually, using our own unique identifier or the next sequential identifier, supplied by Coordinate. To prevent naming conflicts, all IDs generated begin with `auto`.

First, let's choose our own identifier, using the same HTML elements above:

    var identifier = '725',
        $links = $('a');

    $links.addClass('coordinate-hover-' + identifier);

Just as above, when one of the links 

Alternately, we can use an identifier generated by Coordinate. To get that identifier, we make the following call:

    var identifier = $.coordinate.indetifier();

And now `identifier` will hold a unique ID string, that looks something like: `auto1234`.

## _Disclaimer_

Coordinate is meant to make it easier to style coordinated elements. Coordinate does not actually replicate hover events, and is intended for use primarily with css styles.